infoblox event collector (#25268)
demisto/content: Packs/InfobloxBloxOne/Integrations/InfobloxBloxOneThreatDefenseEventCollector/InfobloxBloxOneThreatDefenseEventCollector_description.md

## Infoblox BloxOne Threat Defense Event Collector Help

### Creating Service API Key

You can create multiple service API keys that are associated with respective service API keys for specific purposes. You must have the required permission to create service API keys. For information, see [Configuring Service API Key](https://docs.infoblox.com/space/BloxOneCloud/35430173).

To create a service API key, complete the following:

1. From the SSO portal, click **User Access** from the left navigation panel and then click the **Service API Keys** tab.

2. On the Service API Keys tab, click **Create**.

3. In the Create Service API Keys dialog, complete the following:

  - **Name**: Enter the name of the user API key. Use a name that can identify the purpose of the key.

>   - **Service User**: Enter the name of the service users or choose one from the drop-down list. You can associate up to 10 service API keys per service user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Service User**: Enter the name of the service users or choose one from the dropdown list. You can associate up to 10 service API keys per service user.
```
